[enthralling music playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[engine revving]
-[tires screeching]
-[engine revving]
-[engine stops]
-[lighter clinks]
-[inhaling]
-[crackling]
[exhales]
[chuckles]
[groans]
Hey. are you with him?
Good. Come on then.
Come on.
-Oh. shit! [panting]
-[grunts]
[both grunting]
[straining]
-[groans]
-[both grunting]
[yelps]
[weights clanking]
[clanking]
[growls. yells]
[groaning]
[yells. grunts]
[gasps]
[creaking]
[thunder rumbling]
[objects clattering]
[breath trembling] I give up.
[tuts]
[whimpering]
Deadbeats like you never learn
till someone beats it in to you.
[whimpering] I give up.
Please let me go. just this once.
I'll get the money
and pay you back as soon as I can.
-Just this once. please--
-[thuds]
[gasps]
You don't pay again. I'll gut you
and feed you to the dogs.
[wheezes]
[thunder rumbling]
[woman screaming]
THE DEBT COLLECTOR
HIGH VOLTAGE
DANGEROUS
ZONE 3
AUTHORIZED ENTRY ONLY
[abbot] Inadanam dukkham loke.
Debt causes suffering in this world.
10 YEARS LATER
And in the Dhamma.
it is the debt of karma.
Good and evil are the cause
of happiness and suffering.
The reason you are all here.
is to repay the karmic debts
of your own making.
You are confined.
and subject to correction.
While you are here.
you will come to your senses
and learn the consequences
of your actions in time.
You are nearing the end of your sentences.
You have repaid your karmic debts.
You are to begin a new life.
Embrace integrity. Act with decorum.
And be good members
of society from now on.
May you all be blessed.
[prisoners] Sadhu.
[door opens]
[door closes]
PROVINCIAL PRISON
[foreboding music playing]
[hurried footsteps]
[music stops]
[retches. coughs]
[Num] Where can I find the abbot?
He's in the cave up on that mountain.
Oh. it's you. Num.
How did you get here?
Have you already eaten?
-I walked here. Father.
-Hmm.
I wanted to pay my respects.
Mm.
You are released from your suffering.
And from now on. you can begin anew.
Have you thought about
how you'll make a living?
Not yet.
Uh. are you able to drive?
-I am. yeah.
-Mm. that's good.
One of my disciples
is looking for someone to do deliveries.
Would you like that?
I can put in a good word for you.
[breathes deeply]
[sighs softly]
[sighs]
[children chatter in distance]
Delivery. sir.
Delivery's here.
PETCH PRASERT
BAD DRIVER:
BRING YOUR OWN GOOD KARMA
JAI PETCH EXPRESS
It's cute. actually.
Wouldn't it be nice to keep
this cat with you as a companion?
It wouldn't fare well.
Can you please take care of it?
Mm.
[indistinct chatter]
Ah. here it is. I hope you like that.
What would you like?
Uh…
Bamboo shoots and a fried egg.
-Over rice. right?
-Yeah.
Mister.
You forgot your money.
Take it.
You say thanks. Nid Noi.
Thank you.
Grandma.
You hold on to it.
[motorcycle engine revs aggressively]
Okay. well. where is it? Huh?
What's this?
Take this for now. It's all I have.
-Are you shitting me. huh?
-[gasps. whimpers]
What the fuck?
-[grunts]
-[people clamor]
Screw you!
Stop it! Stop!
[whimpering]
Don't. sir. You're scaring her.
The girl's scared?
-The girl's scared. is she?
-[Grandma Lek and Nid Noi yelp]
Hey!
Why should you care?
Hey. motherfucker. Who are you?
What do you want. huh?
Look. please…
leave.
I'll pay.
Just tell me what she owes you here.
Give me 10.000.
Give it to me!
This is all I have. Just take it.
Huh.
-All right.
-[engines start]
[revving]
Ride.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
-Hey.
-[hesitates]
Here.
That's all?
Business has been bad. brother.
-[grunts]
-Hey.
I don't just want the interest.
Okay?
You got to pay the principal too.
Understand?
From now on.
it's double the interest you'll pay me.
Yes. Yes. sir.
It's easy. really.
[groans softly]
[engine whirring]
Turn left up ahead.
[Grandma Lek] Thank you.
Come inside. have some water.
Sure.
Good.
Get him a water. okay?
Just the two of you here?
Yeah. Just me and my granddaughter.
NID NOI LOVES GRANDMA
Her mother left her with me.
Then she disappeared.
She hasn't sent a single baht.
And the old age pension's
not enough to raise a child.
So I've had to scrimp.
and… and run the stall.
I didn't have anything
at the start. so I borrowed.
How much do you owe?
[sighs] 30.000.
I used it to buy the cart
and to get other supplies.
The interest is 1.000.
Per day. So. before I knew it…
[crying]
…I owed over 100.000. [sniffling]
Where will I ever get that sort of cash?
Thank you so much.
I'll pay you back as soon as I can.
Don't worry about that.
Take this.
May the Buddha protect
a good man like you.
Thank you. ma'am.
Sir.
This is for the debt.
You keep it.
[sighs]
Then the debt's cleared.
Go tell your grandma.
-Okay?
-Does that hurt?
Is that an angel's wing?
[sighs softly]
Thank you for helping me and Grandma.
I paid off all your debt. Grandma.
[gasping]
[retching. coughing]
[gags. strains]
[breath trembling]
[coughs]
[prisoner] Oh. shit.
Sir. sir! Someone's down! Sir!
[gasps]
[chain rattling]
[doctor] You have a brain tumor.
That's what's causing the seizures.
the vomiting and the blackouts.
You could hear things too.
or see things that aren't there.
In your case. the tumor is inoperable.
It's too dangerous.
I recommend radiotherapy
to manage the symptoms.
How long do I have?
Mm. with radiotherapy.
you may have up to a year.
Without it. you might have…
less than a month.
[horn honks in distance]
[exhales]
-[inhales deeply]
-[water trickling]
[spits]
[gulps]
[gargling]
[spits]
[panting softly]
[sniffles]
-[clattering]
-[Grandma Lek sobbing]
-[Nid Noi crying]
-[Grandma Lek yelps]
Please don't do this. I'm begging you.
-I'm begging you.
-For what. huh? What is it?
-Huh? This?
-[screams]
You can't even come up with one payment.
-Grandma!
-[sobbing]
Hey! Little shit!
[Grandma Lek and Nid Noi screaming]
[thug 1] Hey!
[thug 2 grunts]
[panting]
[thug 3] You piece of shit.
-[Grandma Lek and Nid Noi scream]
-[thug 3 grunts]
[thug 3 groans]
-Fuck you!
-[Grandma Lek and Nid Noi scream]
[thug 3] Oh!
-This motherfucker.
-You're dead. yeah?
Let's do it.
-[motorcycle engine whirring]
-The cops are here.
Bro. what do we do?
-Get out.
-Let's go!
[sniffles. exhales]
What's all this?
Sir. the debt collector gang
broke up the lady's stall.
and that man stepped in to help her.
Is that right? You want to press charges?
I… I can… actually file a charge?
Yeah. Just go to the station
and tell the duty officer to log it.
Hey. you. Go with her as a witness.
I'm sure you know. ma'am.
these black market loans are illegal.
This is what happens when you can't pay.
All right.
How can we help?
Do you know how many there were?
Can you describe the culprits?
Each time. there are always four.
Hey. kid. Black shirt. Remove your hat.
Hey. Go on.
Remove your fucking hat.
Ah. it's Num.
When did they let you out?
-What shit are you up to now?
-Khem.
This guy protected her.
He jumped in to help when
the debt collector gang attacked her.
Am I hearing that right?
Lady.
Do you know who he is?
He's a ruthless debt collector.
He killed a debtor
and spent ten years in prison.
What lies you been telling her?
Mr. Num didn't lie to us.
He helped me and Grandma.
Get Num's details as well.
-[footsteps departing]
-[door opens]
[door closes]
We'll make our way back.
I won't trouble you anymore. Num.
I can give you a ride.
You got a lot to carry.
It'll be fine. You can just
leave everything right here.
I…
I have to go back and talk to them.
Take everything in his shop.
Hey. hold it. hold it. hold it. Hold it.
Hey! Hey.
I've paid.
You paid late.
Costs are up.
This doesn't even cover half.
Hey. wait! You can't take that!
I'll call Madam Pin.
[clatters]
-Don't you fucking dare call my mother.
-[gasps]
Huh? Huh? Why are you calling her?
Why are you calling her?
Huh? Can you tell me why?
No. [gasps]
When I say how much you'll pay.
you pay.
-Now do you understand. shithead?
-[stapler clacks]
[screaming in pain]
[motor revving]
[Po] Hey. What the fuck happened
to you guys?
[cell phone ringing]
What is it?
[suspenseful music playing]
[Grandma Lek gasping]
Nid Noi. come here.
[Nid Noi whimpering]
-[thug] Old bitch! Open up!
-[both scream]
-I said. open up. damn it!
-[shutters rattling]
Where's that motherfucker?
[breath trembling]
Lady. come out and talk.
Open up and we'll discuss this.
[sighs]
You owe us…
and you called the cops.
But we own them. Know that.
[cries] I didn't know.
A cop said I should do it. [sniffling]
Come out.
-Come out. I said!
-[rattles loudly]
-You old bitch! Didn't you hear me?
-[wailing]
-Stupid cow! Come out! Come out!
-[screams]
-Hey!
-[Grandma Lek whimpering]
[objects clattering]
So are you going to come out?
[gasping]
Then both die in there.
Crazy bitch!
[both scream]
[gasping]
[Nid Noi sobbing]
[sobbing]
[yells]
[both sobbing]
[gasps. screams]
[sobbing] I'm begging you.
I give up.
Okay.
Get the tape.
Fuck sake! Go get the tape. man.
[gasping]
[Po] Tape her hands.
-[tape rips]
-No!
[wailing]
-[explosion]
-[screams]
-Grandma!
-Nid Noi!
[wailing. sobbing]
Nid Noi!
Help! Nid Noi!
Help! Help!
Help me. help!
Nid Noi!
Help! Help me!
GAS
Where is the old lady's stall?
[vendor] Didn't you hear?
Grandma Lek's house burned down.
The rescue team found her burnt body.
Her hands were stuck
to the shutters in prayer.
-[flames whooshing]
-[Grandma Lek and Nid Noi screaming]
[screaming stops]
[vendor] People said
they saw Po's car there.
And his gang running away.
They did it. all right.
But let's face it. they're untouchable.
Oh. the granddaughter.
she survived.
Rescue got to her just in time.
[nurse] The girl has third-degree burns.
We've stabilized her for now.
But there's a high risk of infection
and her condition might get worse.
Are you saying…
that she might die?
[nurse] Uh. could I get a number
for the next of kin. just in case?
Sir?
[sighs]
[low pensive music playing]
What have you come to pray for. Num?
For a little girl I know to get better.
My disciple called me.
She said you'd stopped driving the truck.
Why did you quit?
I have another job.
What is it?
[soft suspenseful music playing]
SPICY BEEF SALAD. SOM TUM. SPICY SOUP
-[upbeat music playing on radio]
-[pounder thudding]
[chuckles] Aha!
Let me pound your salad
and you won't have to pay.
-You like the sound of that?
-Ugh! I'm paying.
-I'm definitely paying today.
-Oh. really?
-Next time. watch yourself.
-Don't do that.
-[laughs]
-[thug 1] Oh. this food's good.
-Hey. cheers. Cheers.
-[glasses clink]
[thug 2] Holy fuck.
This glue is really good shit.
From now on.
any debtor who doesn't pay.
I'm gonna pour this
down their nose and mouth.
[all laughing]
Hey. cheers to that.
-Cheers. Yeah.
-[all] Cheers.
-[siren wailing]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[siren chirping]
-[laughs]
-You can't help yourself.
-What? You again?
-Hey!
-[grunts]
-Hey. hey. hey. What the fuck?
[people clamoring]
Piece of shit!
[yelling in pain]
[groaning]
Shit.
Piece of shit! [groaning]
You dirty motherfucker!
[thug grunting]
-[knife slashing]
-[thug grunting]
[groaning]
[gags]
[gasping]
Where's Po hiding?
[breath trembling. whimpering]
[screaming]
Do I have to ask you again?
-[whimpering]
-Where's Po?
-[thug screams]
-[lively chatter]
[dealer] Let's see the cards.
Player. nine points.
Player. natural eight.
GOLD PAWN
Let me borrow 10.000.
Jod.
[Jod] Hey. Sergeant Kong.
100.000. You got it?
[sighs]
Come on.
How many times have I let you walk?
You've forgotten?
[chips clatter]
This is the last time.
You better pay me back.
[man] Evening. sir.
Hope you hit it big today.
OUT OF BUSINESS
[suspenseful music playing]
[lively chatter continues]
Hey. dude.
Natural nine. Drink!
All right. next time.
losers have to strip.
-Mm. Give me the cards.
-Bring it on!
[thug 1] Okay. let's do it.
[thug 2 chuckles]
Can't wait to see the boss naked.
[Po] You're a pervert.
All right. let's go.
All right. let's do it.
[Jod] You're out of prison.
Is Po here?
Why are you after him?
I've got things to clear with him.
Po's not here.
What do you want to clear?
[Po] Looking for me?
What is it?
-[thug] Oh. shit!
-Get Po out of here.
[people screaming]
[Po] Don't push me.
[both grunting]
[Num breathing heavily]
-[explosion]
-[gunshots]
[screaming]
[screaming in pain]
[tires screech]
[people clamoring]
[thug] Hey. stop! Come back! Stop!
[panting]
[water splashes]
Hey. stop! Stop!
I'm a cop.
Hands in the air.
Hands in the air!
Do you hear me?
What the fuck's this?
Guys. stay back. Stay back. Hey!
No! Oh! [yelps]
[gasps]
[sighs] No!
-[crackling]
-[winces. thuds]
[suspenseful music playing]
SAENGTAWAN CHILDREN'S HOME FOUNDATION
Hey! What the fuck
are you doing. you prick?
You bastard. why the fuck
are you sniffing around?
-Motherfucker!
-[Ong] Stop meddling. you fuck.
What's your fucking problem?
-You think you're tough?
-Stop!
[grunts]
[grunting]
[thudding]
Num! That's enough!
He's going to die! [panting]
[Mr. Tom] What happened?
EAT IT ALL. DON'T WASTE A MORSEL
FOOD IS PRECIOUS
Ong was messing with Phueng.
Num and I stopped them.
[Mr. Tom] Is that true. Phueng?
Don't stare her down!
You did it. Now own it.
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[groans]
I wasn't asking you.
Stay out of it.
You're nothing but a troublemaker.
You little shit!
Your parents are shit as well.
Good for nothing but fucking and breeding.
and then they can't afford to raise you!
For fuck's sake. you little shits.
You're the dregs of society.
-[Young Num grunts]
-Hmm?
Hmm?
[growls] Asshole!
-[grunts]
-[clattering]
[panting]
[Young Kong] Mr. Tom called the police.
[Young Num] Fuck it.
I wasn't planning to go back anyway.
Where will you go then?
[Young Num] Do you think people like us
can ever turn things around?
We're born. dumped…
then stuck in this shit hole.
Even when we try to do good.
we get shit for it.
Living like this.
nothing will ever get better.
I think you're right.
From now on.
I'm going to do whatever I want.
I don't give a fuck.
You'll get by without me. right?
Yeah. Why do you say that?
I'm not your sidekick.
When you were getting hazed.
who saved your ass then?
[chuckles]
You cried like a dog. man. [chuckles]
-Your dad's a dog.
-[chuckles]
-Go!
-[grunts. groans]
Shit. there he is. Run!
[tense music playing]
[music stops]
[baby coos]
Get some rest.
I'll take over.
[chuckling] Hey there.
Who's Daddy's little baby?
Hey. [chuckling]
Oh. what are you doing?
Oh. is that a big smile for me. huh?
[inhales] Mm.
If we go to the doctor next time…
and they say she needs surgery…
She's just so tiny.
I feel so sorry for her.
[sniffles]
Another debt collection letter came today.
TOTAL: 4.000.135.27 BAHT
We're four payments behind now.
Are we okay. Kong?
[sighs]
I'll handle it.
It's cool. [sniffles softly]
[sniffles. sighs]
[cell phone vibrating]
Hello?
Okay.
The chief's called a meeting.
You need to be there.
[sniffles] Mm.
This is the scene inside after the fire
at Madam Pin's gambling den.
She's an important woman in this town.
It's an illegal operation.
A few times. we've shut it down.
Last time was just three months ago.
But we've never had enough evidence
to link her to it.
We managed to pull
the CCTV hard drives every time.
Including this time.
[clears throat] I'll try to be direct.
The last inspector and other officers
were transferred due to this place.
Now that I've been appointed here.
I'm not letting this affect my good name.
I won't tolerate corruption.
And if I find out
any officers are on the take.
I'll have their head.
I want this handled fast.
Bring me whoever's
really running this place.
Yeah. go.
We've captured this footage near there.
This guy…
Uh. there. Here.
I know this one. His name is Num.
He used to work for Madam Pin.
but he just got out of prison.
He did ten years for murder
after a debt collection went wrong.
When he was caught.
he refused to rat out anyone.
Is he working for Madam Pin this time?
I can't be sure about that.
Uh. keep going.
From the footage. it looks like…
it looks like these hoodlums
are after Num as well.
Oh.
And the old woman who burned to death.
Num was the one who brought her in
to file a report. She said.
She said
she'd been attacked by Po's thugs.
Po is Madam Pin's son.
during a debt collection.
You need to bring in
this Num guy very soon.
-And. Khem…
-Sir.
-Get a team watching Madam Pin.
-Yes. sir.
If there's any connection at all.
Num will bring us straight to her.
Yes. Inspector.
[gasps softly]
[groans softly]
BLAZE ENGULFS SHOPHOUSE
CHARRED BODY FOUND
-[reporter] They came to collect a debt…
-[Ou] Boss. there's three of them.
-What are you doing in there. Ou?
-There's three in the house. One's hurt.
[woman] People saw what happened.
but they don't dare speak up.
Everyone's scared.
[reporter] But the debt dies
with the debtor.
Why would they go that far. ma'am?
[woman] It's to make an example
so no one dares skip a payment.
Why do people still borrow from them?
People here live hand-to-mouth.
The banks aren't going to lend them money.
so they go to loan sharks.
But the interest is brutal.
And if you can't pay.
what do you think happens?
You end up like this.
And the police know about it.
-They do nothing…
-Who's this old bitch? I'll find her.
And I'll make sure she pays.
Po. Po. hey.
The guy who hit the den.
I found out where he's hiding.
[soft suspenseful music playing]
You're awake.
When did you get out?
I'd expect that you would visit.
I've been out for a while.
I'm so sorry.
I really should have visited.
What's going on?
I'm always here if you need it.
It's Po.
He burned down someone's house.
Burned them alive.
A kid and her gran.
I was taking care of them.
Come with me.
After what happened at the boxing gym.
I had someone get it out of there.
I've been keeping it safe.
waiting for you to come back for it.
I've always loved you like one of my own.
You put your life on the line for me.
I thank you for that.
From now on.
I'll always look after your welfare.
Come stay with me. won't you. Num?
In regards to Po.
I'll make sure he apologizes.
He needs to learn from his mistakes.
Let's put this behind us.
All right?
I'm sorry. ma'am.
[engine starts]
[revving]
[Po] Mom.
Where is he?
He's gone.
Did you really burn down
a debtor's house and kill them?
I thought I said
"don't do anything reckless"?
That bitch went to the cops
so I had to act.
Because. I had to…
make them see they can't get away with it.
What made you think
you should be out there collecting?
You already have
plenty of men to manage that.
Because I'm their boss. I'm their leader.
Because I have to prove
I'm the real deal. so they'll follow.
If Dad was alive. he would back me up.
Your father worked the same way exactly.
and he was killed for doing that.
You love it. don't you?
Shooting your mouth off.
being the big time gangster.
Flexing your power
and pissing everywhere like a dog.
But I'm the one
who has to clean up all your mess.
It's such a massive headache.
The guy who's hunting you down.
his name's Num.
He was once one of mine.
Huh?
This bastard knows I'm your son?
That's shit. Thinks he's
John Wick or something.
If I see him again. I'll fuck him up.
But Num is the real deal.
When he came to work for me.
he was just a kid.
He grew up to be the best in his field.
He was reliable and tough.
If anyone reneged on their debts.
Num was the man.
And people would always relent.
[grunts]
[woman screaming]
[sobbing]
-[gun clatters]
-[woman sobbing]
[Madam Pin] He didn't move an inch
until the police came and took him away.
Num grew up without parents.
For him. that meant
kids are the line you do not cross.
The young child that you burnt
and the old lady that you killed.
you know. Num was their protector.
You need to keep a low profile.
Don't go parading around.
I'll send you to lie low in Cambodia.
When I've cleared up
this mess. you can come back.
[cooing]
[sighs] How's it going?
Nothing yet.
Those bastards are being careful.
Ah. Here. here. here.
This guy's called Jod.
He's ex-military. Special forces.
His record's particularly bloody.
He can't feel pain.
It's a condition of some sort.
Even when a bunch of gamblers swarmed him
and buried a machete in his head.
he just kept swinging
like nothing happened.
This guy. he's a straight up
freak of nature.
[soft suspenseful music playing]
[radio chirps]
[officer] Dispatched to all units.
man fitting Num's description.
Suspect on a red and white motorcycle
at Ratchadamri intersection.
Heading into town. Over.
-I got this one.
-Hey. hey. hey. Hey!
[indistinct chatter]
[engine revs]
-Hey!
-[tense music playing]
[honking]
Hey! Pull over! Pull over. Now!
-Hey!
-[screeches]
Ah. fuck! Fuck! Shit!
[clamoring]
[tires screech]
[truck honks]
[muffled screeching]
[crashes]
Num! [panting]
Hey. stop.
[grunts]
-Stop!
-[panting]
Hey. Num!
[panting]
It's Kong. man!
We were in Saengtawan together.
You smashed Mr. Tom's face.
We parted by the river.
Remember. man?
And I was the guy on the pier.
You know. the one you threw in the water.
Turn yourself in.
It'll all be all right.
[Num] I just need to deal with Po.
When that's done. I'll turn myself in.
[leaves rustling]
Hey. stop! Num. stop!
Num. stop!
-Num! Num!
-[panting]
Stop! Num!
-Hold it!
-[gunshot]
[Num panting]
[unsettling music plays]
[Kong panting]
Num?
Num!
Hello?
I'm bringing in Num.
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[choking]
[groans]
-You piece of shit!
-[grunts in pain]
-You bastard!
-Tough guy?
-[groans]
[muffled grunt]
[Num coughs]
Give me the gun.
God damn it. give me the gun!
Po!
As requested. four million.
[grunting]
[engine revving]
[tires squeal]
[intense dramatic music plays]
[Kong groans]
[grunts]
[Kong panting]
[retches]
[gasps. coughing]
[pants heavily]
[both pant]
[Num grunts]
[coughs]
Hey. Num?
Num. I'm sorry.
[Num sighs]
I'm drowning in debt.
I co-signed a loan for a cop friend.
He bailed on it.
And now I'm paying it back.
I'm trapped.
I'm sorry.
[unsettling music plays]
-[groans]
-Hey. Num!
[door opens]
[exhales]
Hey. This is a work friend.
Could you leave us?
You should stay here for now.
Hey. Num.
Turn yourself in.
You'd be a lot safer in police custody.
Sure about that?
Do you feel protected?
Kong?
Sergeant Khem called.
He said he couldn't reach you.
Hello. sir?
I'm okay. yeah.
PING PING
I lost track of Num just.
uh. outside town.
Yep.
Don't worry about me.
[suspenseful music playing]
Okay.
[foreboding music playing]
[abbot] Are you here
to pray for something else?
Your sinful ways aren't worth revisiting.
It's too late. Father.
No. it's not. You were on the way.
You mustn't lose faith.
Have mercy.
Forgive and let go.
If I end up forgiving them.
when do I get revenge?
I know how this is supposed to end.
Using violence is never the solution.
It's the only way I've ever known. Father.
[abbot] Take time to think.
Reflect on yourself.
Your body is failing.
and your mind is growing weak.
Get some rest.
Trust me.
There's an empty hut behind the temple.
Go. go.
[gun firing]
[thug] Hey. Po!
Po!
[Po] What is it?
Hello?
Are you sure?
That bastard Num. he's still alive.
Where are you?
If you kill him. you get 100.000.
Damn it!
[exhales. sniffles]
Hello. sir.
[sighs]
If everything you've just told me is true.
you'll be charged as well.
You know that.
I understand.
[Kong sighs]
Anyone else know about it?
No. sir.
You're the only one that I would tell.
Why is that?
Do you think I'll help you cover it up?
No. sir.
If I'm wrong. I'll pay for it.
I just want to set things right.
I just don't want them
to hurt anyone else.
I want this over.
Some higher-ups have called.
They want me to drop this.
But I'm not doing it.
They pull this one all the time.
But I have my own way of operating.
And importantly.
I'm after someone on my side to help out.
Can I trust you?
[exhales]
You can.
Thanks.
If you do find anything.
you should report it to me alone.
As for the brass. I'll handle them.
Yeah.
[gagging and coughing]
[strains]
[gasps. coughs]
[foreboding music plays]
[breathing heavily]
[footsteps approaching]
[sinister music plays]
[monitor beeping]
[monitor flatlining]
Why didn't you come and save me?
[girl screams]
[shuddering breaths]
[unsettling music plays]
[breathing heavily]
[thuds]
[breathing rapidly]
[gun clicks]
[gasps. then shouts]
-[gunshot]
-[exclaims]
-[Num grunts]
-Fuck it.
You bastard!
[grunts]
[gunshot]
[breathing heavily]
[panting]
-[dogs barking]
-[animal howling]
[gun clicks]
The abbot's waiting for you.
[meows]
[man] Hello? Is that the police?
I'd like to report a body.
ALL CREATURES ARE GOVERNED
BY THEIR OWN KARMA
If all creatures are ruled by karma.
then. Father. tell us.
how should this creature pay?
Father.
If you help him. that means
you've taken on this man's karma.
We each have a karmic debt to come.
Even living as a monk.
my life also has to conform.
Speaking of debt.
this temple owes me.
My family name's all over it
because we paid for its construction.
Yet instead of being thankful.
you turn on us.
It's not too late to stop. Po.
Don't add to your kar--
[thuds]
-Hey! Whoa!
-[Num grunts]
-Hold him down.
-[grunting angrily]
[Num groaning]
[coughs]
[straining]
[footsteps approaching]
[Num grunts]
Do you remember? Huh? Huh?
-[gunshot]
-Huh?
-[gunshots]
-[grunts]
Move it! Move! Get up!
[Num shudders]
-[Num grunts]
-Num. move!
Num. come on! Move!
[gunshots]
-[thug 1] Go after them!
-[thug 2] Let's go.
[thug 3] This way!
Damn it!
[tool whirring]
[car honking]
[engine revving]
[honking continues]
[thug 1] Move. move!
-[thug 1] Out of the way!
-[thug 2] Move!
[thug 3] Move! Hurry!
[crowd screaming]
[grunts]
[thug 4] Hey. stop him! Move it!
[people clamoring]
-[man exclaims]
-[grunts]
[upbeat music playing over speakers]
[motor revving]
[upbeat music playing]
Hey!
[motor revving]
[tires squeal]
-[crashes]
-[yelps]
[crowd screaming]
-[gasps]
-[children screaming]
[Kong] Hey. out of the way!
[crowd screaming]
[low tense music playing]
Hey. don't move!
Drop the gun.
[grunts]
[pants]
[shouts]
[grunts]
[strains. grunts]
[groaning]
[groans]
[shouts]
[panting]
[grunts]
[straining]
[groans. coughs]
[coughs]
[grunts]
[groans]
[both grunting]
[groaning]
[loud thud]
[muffled grunt]
[strains]
[muffled grunting]
-[loud thud]
-[breathing heavily]
[Num coughs. grunts]
[Num groans. then coughs]
[yelps]
[Kong grunts]
[Num pants]
[thuds]
[panting]
[Kong coughing]
[Num groans]
[Kong coughs]
[indistinct clamor]
Num!
[car starting]
-[coughing]
-Hey. Num!
Boss. let's go.
Shit!
EMERGENCY PATIENT DROP-OFF
[Kong] I need help here.
Could you help me. please?
Hurry!
[grunts]
[cell phone line ringing]
Mom. Jod's dead.
[Madam Pin] Don't come home.
Go into hiding.
Once I've arranged
how to get you out. I'll come for you.
Okay.
Hey. get in.
[cell phone vibrating]
Hello. Inspector.
[Inspector Tong] Where are you?
[sighs]
You know all about the temple.
[Inspector Tong] I do.
Come to my place now.
We'll plan Madam Pin's takedown tonight.
Yes. sir.
Yes.
We're close on our end.
I'll let you know
as soon as there's progress.
Yes.
Yes. sir.
We got the green light to go for Pin.
My men have told me.
you helped Num get away.
Why?
He's my friend. Inspector.
We lived in an orphanage.
Ten years ago. perhaps.
We reconnected over…
over this.
Why haven't you told me this before?
Where is he now?
I took him to hospital.
Which hospital?
-What?
-Don't struggle.
What the fuck is this? [groans]
[straining]
[panting]
[shuddering breaths]
What the fuck?
Again. where is he?
[breathes heavily]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[gasping]
[breathing heavily]
Where is he?
[gasps] I'll tell you! I'll tell you!
[gulps]
[sinister music playing]
Anyone finds Num…
and kills him
gets a million.
Tell the villagers around here…
Anyone who helps kill Num.
gets their debt wiped.
And a million as well.
[groans softly]
[breathes heavily]
[suspenseful music playing]
[panting]
[scraping]
[car starting]
Hmm.
You're a liar.
-[grunts loudly]
-Hey! Get off!
[gunshots]
I SWEAR HONESTY. DISCIPLINE. AND JUSTICE
FOR THE PEOPLE AND THE NATION'S PEACE
[thuds]
[suspenseful music playing]
[gunshots]
[door opens]
[door slams opens]
[distant thud]
-[Madam Pin pants]
-[gunshot]
[screams]
[exclaims]
[gasps in fear]
Where's Po?
[pants nervously]
Num.
Please let me and Po get away.
For old times' sake.
[gasps]
Pin.
[screams]
[crying]
[cell phone vibrating]
[Kong] Hello.
Madam Pin. it's Kong.
I know you've been bribing Inspector Tong.
And I know where Po's hiding.
Turn yourself in.
I can reduce your sentence.
Tell me where Po is.
[Kong] Num?
Huh? Is Madame Pin still alive?
[Num] Tell me where Po is…
and I'll let you have her.
[Kong] Don't do this.
Let me handle it. okay?
[screaming in pain]
[whimpers]
If you don't tell me.
I'll squeeze it out of her.
[cries]
[Kong] Okay. okay.
Po's in an abandoned building
in the Khlong Suk settlement.
Just don't do any--
[whimpering]
Num.
Can I ask?
[sobs]
Let Po live.
[sobbing]
Just give me that.
-[grunts]
-[yells]
[suspenseful music playing]
[music intensifies]
[car starting]
Let me go!
[line ringing]
[sinister music playing]
[grunts. yells]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[music continues]
[grunting]
[utensils shatter]
[grunts]
[chickens clucking]
[grunting]
[clamoring]
[panting]
[gunshots]
[coughing]
[Num coughs]
You okay?
[glass shatters]
[gunshots]
Hey. stop! Stop!
Stop!
Hey. back away. Back away! Back away!
[gunshots]
[Kong groans]
[groaning]
[gunshots]
[gunshots continue]
-[Kong panting]
-[gunshots]
[panting]
[grunts]
[tense music playing]
[breathes sharply]
[shuddering breaths]
Num. Num. please!
Please don't kill me. Please.
Please. I'm begging you.
I've learned my lesson. Please!
[Po panting]
I'll turn myself in.
I'll spend the rest of my life in prison.
-[Po grunts]
-[blade swishes]
[Po grunting]
[yelps]
[grunts in pain]
[Po grunts loudly]
[Po shouts]
[grunts in pain]
[breathing heavily]
[Po grunts]
[Po grunting]
Tough guy. huh?
[both straining]
[Po gasps]
-[cries]
-Hey! Hey!
-I'm not fucking around.
-[crying]
Throw over the gun.
-[shuddering breaths]
-Throw over the gun!
[gasps]
You're fucking kidding.
[Po yells]
[grunts]
[Num groans]
[panting]
Fucking freak! Huh?
-Are you sick or something?
-[groans]
[panting]
[Num coughing]
[Po panting]
I'll blow your
fucking brains out. you shit.
[clattering]
Huh?
You bastard.
-[shouting]
-[gunshots]
[Po yells]
[thunder rumbling]
[labored breathing]
[footsteps approaching]
[gulps]
[Kong panting] Hey!
[sobbing]
[pensive music playing]
[sirens wailing distantly]
[sobbing]
Sergeant Major Sitta Yannaboon.
Officer of the Investigation Division
Phetchaburi Provincial Police.
has carried out his duties with courage.
determination and commitment.
Serving as a pillar of the police force.
in dismantling local crime networks.
a problem that has persisted for decades.
[cell phone line ringing]
[Kong] Hello?
[man] What's up.
Outstanding Police Officer?
Congratulations.
I'm just calling with an update.
Inspector Tong hanged himself
in his cell last night.
They're investigating to see
if he jumped or he was pushed.
Oh. man. it didn't have to get to this.
Anyway. call me
when you're back in Phetchaburi.
We'll take you out to celebrate.
[thunder rumbling]
[gentle music playing]
The echo results show that.
the hole in Ping Ping's heart valve.
has clearly got a lot smaller.
Surgery will no longer be necessary.
[Kong sighs]
Thank you so much.
[sighs in relief]
[both sobbing]
[engine idling]
[engine stops]
[music continues]
[enthralling music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-